well howdy there internet people its bow
down so today we're going to talk about
something that happened 15 years ago
today at to 337 West Monroe Street in
Chicago I believe that what happened
that day altered the course of American
history really do I don't think that
incident is given the credit that it
should but it should get there was an
up-and-coming activist named Fred
Hampton many people myself included
believe that if he had been left to his
own devices he would have created a
massive impact on American society would
have created social change we're talking
Martin Luther King levels of social
change but he was not left to his own
devices what happened that day is
debated by some and nobody can really
tell you what to think nobody can tell
you this is what happened that day but
what happened that day is extremely
important and I think it's one of those
things that everybody should know about
and I implore you to look into it
yourself really look at all of the
evidence you'll come to one of two
conclusions more than likely one is that
it was just a few bad apples doing their
thing the other is that it was part of a
concerted effort to destabilize and
remove black leadership in the United
States
and that can be disheartening when you
look at this and you think about it you
realize that if that's what it was well
they can do that to anybody at anytime
for any reason I do believe that's what
it was I believe that it was the system
lashing out against those that wanted to
change it systems are reluctant to
change and that can be disheartening for
people who want systemic change today
but rather than focusing on what
happened that day I want to talk about
something else because even though they
didn't leave him to his own devices
still change history
still changed history at least I think
so because after this there was a
massive outcry huge that state's
attorney dawn during the next election
and I think was that moment when black
Americans realized how much political
power they had wasn't too long after
that Chicago had its first black mayor
mayor Washington I think that
had they jerked him out of bed and said
hey this is what we're about to do to
you but this is what's going to happen
he would've been alright with it because
I think you can draw a direct line from
the events of this day to getting rid of
hammer head to the first black mayor in
Chicago to the inauguration of President
Obama I think Hampton would have been
okay with that trade and I think that we
all need to realize that it doesn't
matter how much the system is this when
an ideas time has come
nothing will stop it
anyway it's just a farm y'all have a
good day